how's it going guys today I'm going to
be showing you some gameplay of a Yeti
encounter he actually does save me on a
prison escape so obviously this is a bit
of a spoiler but I couldn't believe this
actually happened it was already a
really epic escape getting down from
this prison so I really wasn't expecting
this at all the Yeti looks really
awesome and you can tell it's a Yeti
because of the really long arms but I'm
quickly going to show you this clip now
and then I'm going to talk to you about
the season pass where apparently that's
going to be yetis involved if you've got
any questions about this and definitely
let me know in the comment section
so I hope you enjoyed seeing that first
glimpse at a Yeti in Far Cry 4 he passed
out at the end there so I assume that
you were saved by the Yeti although I
don't know that for sure
the first thing that you think about
when you think of the Himalayas are Yeti
so it's amazing and it did actually put
them in this game this is the
promotional artwork for the season pass
for far cry 4 and you can see there the
Yeti definitely looks like an
intelligent being so I'm wondering
whether you're going to be hunting this
thing or you're actually going to be
working with it
personally I think actually working with
it would be a lot more fun but
definitely let me know what you'd prefer
in the comment section if you enjoyed
this video please like and subscribe for
loads more far cry 4 videos and thanks
for watching
you